Adding dnascan documentation (#44)
haddocking/haddock3-user-manual: src/modules/analysis.md

One use case for this module is within the scoring pipeline, namely, removing AI-generated models that violate known structural pattern for a given type of a molecule. For example, when modelling antibody-antigen complexes, AI methods occasionally place the antigen between the heavy and light chains of the Fv domain, effectively breaking the antibody structure. By providing a reference antibody model and filtering on RMSD, such structurally invalid poses can be discarded automatically.

<hr>

## `[dnascan]` module

> HADDOCK3 module for DNA base pair canning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HADDOCK3 module for DNA base pair scanning.
```

> This module is responsible for scanning all possible DNA base pairs mutations at the interface

Reviewer: Here, I would better define what is an interface.
Interface with another chain ?
Assuming DNA double strand is defined as a single chain ?

Author: Updated - currently the module will do nothing if no base-pairs are detected. Could add an option to perform mutations of single bases in a single stranded DNA is given. And also adapt the rnascan module to detect base-pairs.

of the models generated in the previous step of the workflow. For each model, the module

> will mutate the interface residues and calculate the energy differences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will mutate the interface base pairs and calculate the energy differences
```

<hr>

## `[rnascan]` module

> HADDOCK3 module for RNA base canning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HADDOCK3 module for RNA base scanning.
```

This module is responsible for scanning all possible RNA mutations at the interface
of the models generated in the previous step of the workflow. For each model, the module

> will mutate the interface residues and calculate the energy differences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will mutate the interface RNA bases and calculate the energy differences
```
